README.md, before:

# Airbrakex [![Package Version](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/airbrakex.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/airbrakex) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/fazibear/airbrakex/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/fazibear/airbrakex) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fazibear/airbrakex.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fazibear/airbrakex)
Elixir client for the [Airbrake](https://airbrake.io) service!

## Installation

Add Airbrakex as a dependency to your `mix.exs` file:

```elixir
defp deps do
  [{:airbrakex, git: "https://github.com/rum-and-code/airbrakex.git", tag: "v0.2.4"}]
end
```

If on Elixir 1.3 or lower you will need to add it to your applications.

```elixir
def application do
  [applications: [:airbrakex]]
end
```


Then run `mix deps.get` in your shell to fetch the dependencies.

### Configuration

It requires `project_key` and `project` parameters to be set
in your application environment, usually defined in your `config/config.exs`.
`logger_level` and `environment` are optional.

```elixir
config :airbrakex,
  project_key: "abcdef12345",
  project_id: 123456,
  logger_level: :error,
  environment: Mix.env
```

#### Advanced Configuration

If you want to use errbit instance, set custom url as `endpoint`.
If you connect through a proxy or need to pass other specific options to
`HTTPoison` you can use `http_options`, see https://hexdocs.pm/httpoison/HTTPoison.html#request/5
for a list of the available options.

```elixir
config :airbrakex,
  project_key: "abcdef12345",
  project_id: 123456,
  endpoint: "http://errbit.yourdomain.com",
  http_options: [ssl: [cacertfile: "/path/to/certfile.pem"]]
```

## Usage

```elixir
try do
  IO.inspect("test",[],"")
rescue
  exception -> Airbrakex.notify(exception, __STACKTRACE__)
end
```

### Logger Backend

There is a Logger backend to send logs to the Airbrake,
which could be configured as follows:

```elixir
config :logger,
  backends: [:console, Airbrakex.LoggerBackend]
```

### Plug

You can plug `Airbrakex.Plug` in your web application Plug stack to send all exception to Airbrake

```elixir
defmodule YourApp.Router do
  use Phoenix.Router
  use Airbrakex.Plug

  # ...
end
```

### Ignore

You can ignore certain types of errors by specifying a global `:ignore` as well as an `:ignore_backend` config key:

#### Global ignore

This will prevent errors from being sent from the notifier to Airbrake

```elixir
config :airbrakex,
  ...
  # List form
  ignore: [Phoenix.Router.NoRouteError]
  # OR
  # Function
  ignore: fn(error) ->
    cond do
      error.type == Phoenix.Router.NoRouteError -> true
      String.contains?(error.message, "Ecto.NoResultsError") -> true
      true -> false
    end
  end
```

#### Ignore Backend

This is only needed if you are using the [Logger Backend](#logger-backend).

`:ignore_backend` prevents logs from being sent from the backend to the notifier. For example, it can be used to prevent errors that are already being logged by the plug from double logging.

```elixir
config :airbrakex,
  ...
  # Function
  ignore_backend: fn(log) ->
    cond do
      {_, message, _, _} = log ->
        Enum.at(message, 2) == "MyApp.Endpoint"
      true -> false
    end
  end
```

Commit message:

update-readme-and-package-for-hex - Updates library name

README.md, after:

# Airbrake_ex [![Package Version](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/airbrake_ex.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/airbrake_ex)
Elixir client for the [Airbrake](https://airbrake.io) service.

## Installation

Add AirbrakeEx as a dependency to your `mix.exs` file:

```elixir
defp deps do
  [{:airbrake_ex, git: "https://github.com/rum-and-code/airbrake_ex.git", tag: "v0.2.4"}]
end
```

If on Elixir 1.3 or lower you will need to add it to your applications.

```elixir
def application do
  [applications: [:airbrake_ex]]
end
```


Then run `mix deps.get` in your shell to fetch the dependencies.

### Configuration

It requires `project_key` and `project` parameters to be set
in your application environment, usually defined in your `config/config.exs`.
`logger_level` and `environment` are optional.

```elixir
config :airbrake_ex,
  project_key: "abcdef12345",
  project_id: 123456,
  logger_level: :error,
  environment: Mix.env
```

#### Advanced Configuration

If you want to use errbit instance, set custom url as `endpoint`.
If you connect through a proxy or need to pass other specific options to
`HTTPoison` you can use `http_options`, see https://hexdocs.pm/httpoison/HTTPoison.html#request/5
for a list of the available options.

```elixir
config :airbrake_ex,
  project_key: "abcdef12345",
  project_id: 123456,
  endpoint: "http://errbit.yourdomain.com",
  http_options: [ssl: [cacertfile: "/path/to/certfile.pem"]]
```

## Usage

```elixir
try do
  IO.inspect("test",[],"")
rescue
  exception -> AirbrakeEx.notify(exception, __STACKTRACE__)
end
```

### Logger Backend

There is a Logger backend to send logs to the Airbrake,
which could be configured as follows:

```elixir
config :logger,
  backends: [:console, AirbrakeEx.LoggerBackend]
```

### Plug

You can plug `AirbrakeEx.Plug` in your web application Plug stack to send all exception to Airbrake

```elixir
defmodule YourApp.Router do
  use Phoenix.Router
  use AirbrakeEx.Plug

  # ...
end
```

### Ignore

You can ignore certain types of errors by specifying a global `:ignore` as well as an `:ignore_backend` config key:

#### Global ignore

This will prevent errors from being sent from the notifier to Airbrake

```elixir
config :airbrake_ex,
  ...
  # List form
  ignore: [Phoenix.Router.NoRouteError]
  # OR
  # Function
  ignore: fn(error) ->
    cond do
      error.type == Phoenix.Router.NoRouteError -> true
      String.contains?(error.message, "Ecto.NoResultsError") -> true
      true -> false
    end
  end
```

#### Ignore Backend

This is only needed if you are using the [Logger Backend](#logger-backend).

`:ignore_backend` prevents logs from being sent from the backend to the notifier. For example, it can be used to prevent errors that are already being logged by the plug from double logging.

```elixir
config :airbrake_ex,
  ...
  # Function
  ignore_backend: fn(log) ->
    cond do
      {_, message, _, _} = log ->
        Enum.at(message, 2) == "MyApp.Endpoint"
      true -> false
    end
  end
```

## History

This library was originally forked from the
[`airbrakex`](https://hex.pm/packages/airbrakex) Hex package.  Development and
support for that library seems to have lapsed, but we (the devs at
[Rum&Code](https://rumandcode.io/)) had changes and updates we wanted to make, so we decided to publish our own fork of the library.
